>> Bianca: So, I'm gonna send
you guys on a scavenger hunt.
You wanna find definitions, function
names, where things are being invocated,
arguments, parameters, function bodies,
and where there are return values and
where there are side effects.
I didn't mention the last part, so return
values are anything that's explicitly
returned, in this case an ES5 at least.
It's explicitly returned with
a return statement, right?
You see the word return then it's
something that's being returned.
And then side effects are things
that are happening other than
returning the value that effects
something outside of that function.
So, console.log for
example is a side effect,
because you are logging to the console
that exists outside of that function.
That's a side effect.
Or if you're changing the value of
an object that's in a different scope.
That's a side effect.
>> Bianca: Cool?
Are we clear on kind of the trickier
points of side effects versus return,
invocation versus definition,
and parameters versus arguments?